THE socmrr or susus. 27

College ought to offer the same sacrifice for them for ever. On
that day, moreover, in every year, on which possession of each
College was given to the Society, let it be solemnized with a
Mass for the F ounder and benefactors; and whatever Priests
are present in the College at that time, let them all celebrate
their sacrifices there.

3 On that day let a wax candle be offered to' the Founder, or to
one nearest allied to him in family, or to him whom the Founder
himself appoints, in which candle there shall be the arms of the
Founder, or the emblems of devotion. In that shall the Society
testify the gratitude which it owes to its Founder in the Lord.

4 As soon as the Society shall come into possession of any Col-
lege, let the Genera] see that it be communicated to the whole
Society‚ that every Priest may thrice say Mass for the living
Founder of the College and its benefactors ; that the Lord may
guide them with His benignity in all things, and enrich them
ever with His gifts. Again, when they shall have departed this
life, the General will take care, as soon as he hears of it, that
throughout the Society every Priest say three Masses for their
souls. And as often as it is said, Masses are to be solemnized
by the Priests ; all the rest who live in Colleges, and are not
Priests, ought to pray to the same purpose; since they are all
bound in the Lord to the same gratitude.

5 Τὴθ F ounders moreover, and the benefactors of Colleges are
made partakers qf all the qood works wlziclz are done, by tlze
yrace of Coei, not only in the Colleges, but in the whole
Society.

6 In general, however, the Society should understand that it is
peculiarly bound in Charity, as well to Founders, as to their
connexions, as long as they live, and after their decease, to do
them every service which can be rendered by us according to
our humble profession to the glory of God.

 

ΟΕ· THOSE TEINGS WHICH RELATE TO THE ADMISSION ΛΝΒ RELIN-
QUISHING OF COLLEGES, AND THEIR TEMPORAL CONCERNS.

CHAP. II.

l Tun General shall have full power, in the name of the whole
Society to admit those Colleges which are freely offered to the
Society, to use them in full accordance with its Constitutions.

