6

THE CONSTITUTIONS OF

4 It is needful that the person having the power of admission‚ and

10

3

the person whose assistance he uses, should each have a know-
ledge of the interests of the Society‚ and a zeal for its pros-
perity3 so that he may be turned by no consideration from that
which he shall judge most conducive in the Lord to the service
of God in this Society ; to promote which, it is meet that he be
not too eager to grant admission. And that he be less liable to
any irregular motive, in cases where temptation may occur (as
with kinsmen and with friends) let no man discharge the duty of
examination, in whom any danger of this sort may be appre-
hended.

But whoever fulfils this office should have everything which
appertains to it set forth in writing; whercby he may more
perfectly and surely do that which is demanded of him in this
respect for God's service.

 

OF SUCH AS MAY ΒΕ ADMITTED INTO THE SOCIETY.

SPEAKING generally of those to be admitted ; their fitness is in
proportion to the extent to which they are endowed with both
natural and acquired gifts of God, calculated to promote His
service according to the purpose of the Society3 and also to the
certainty of the probation to which they have been subjected.
To speak particularly3 let those who are admitted to be Co·
adjutors, to conduct the temporal and external affairs, (who
should not be more numerous than is necessary, to aid the
Society in such things as the others cannot be employed upon
without the neglect of more important interests) be men (as
touching the soul) of good conscience, sedate, tractable, lovers
of virtue and perfection, given to devotion; men, in their
domestic and externa] conduct, of edifying habits3 who, con-
tented with the part of Martha in the Society, and well affected
towards its Inststute, desire to serve it for the glory of God.

As touching externals; they must be gifted with a comely
presence, health, youth, and energies to sustain their bodjly
labours 111 the Society; and apparently having, or likely to have,
some talent for its service.

4 Considering the end of our Institute, and our plan of con-

duct, wc persuade oursclves in the Lord, that it is by no

