84

THE (tONSTlTUTIONS OF

Society ; and a sound judgment, accompanied by useful learning.
For in the rest, much may be supplied through the divine help
and favour by those appointed to assist him, and of whom men-
tion shall be made hereafter.

OF THE POWER 01⁴* THE GENERAL OVER THE SOCIETY, AND OF HIS

l

[ὑ

5

DUTY.

CHAP. III.

Tum the Society may be well governed‚ we have judged it
especially expedient that the General should have all power over
the Society for edification ; which power, showing also the duty
of the GeneraL shall be this; first: the General, by himself or
others, shall admit into Houses or Colleges, or elsewhere, those
who shall to him seem adapted to the Institute of the Society ;
whether he shall determine to admit them to probation, or to
profession, or to be Coadjutors, or approved Scholars. He can
dismiss them also, and remove them from the Society.

He shall send such as he shall so determine to the study of
literature, wherever he pleases. He may recall them before and
after the completion of their studies, and transfer them from one
place to another, as he shall think most expedient in the Lord
to their own or the general benefit.

He shall have the whole superintendence and government of
the Colleges; whatever pertains to Students, Preceptors and
Officials, amongst whom Rectors stand first, whom he shall
appoint and remove, and invest with that authority which he
shall think necessary in the Lord; and by the Rectors he shall
conduct the government of the Colleges in whatever relates to
the edifices, and temporal property provided for the use of the
Students, as is set forth in the Apostolical Letters.

He shall see also that they render him an account of their duty
in such wise as he shall deem most expedient. And what is
said of the Colleges‚ may be understood of the Universities of
the Society committed to his care. For it shall be the General's
duty to regulate those matters pertaining to the instruction of
life and doctrine, which he will discharge by officers appointed
by himself according to the Constitutions.

Also the Gener-al shall have all power to make contracts of pur-

