SUPPRESSION or THE SOCIETY OF JEsus. lll

Conventuales non reformatis He ordained that the houses, con-
vents and goodS‚ moveable and immoveable, belonging to their
congregation, should be assigned over to the “ Fratres Minores
conventuales'’ of St. Francis, except only the house at Naples, and
that of St. Anthony of Padua, called “De Urbe.'' This last he
incorporated, and applied to the apostolic chamber, leaving the
disposition of it to his successors. Lastly, he permitted the
brothers of the said congregation to pass into the houses of
Capuchins‚ or into those of the brothers called “De Observantid.''

This same Urban VIII. by another letter in the form of a brief,
dated the 2d of December, 1643, suppressed for ever, extinguished
and abolished the regular order of the Saints Ambrose and Barnaby,
ad nemus, submitting the regulars of the said order to the juris-
diction and government of the Ordinary‚ permitting the individuals
thereos to pass into other regular orders approved by the Holy See.
Innocent X. confirmed this abolition afterwards by his letter sub
plumbo of the first of April, 1645. He further secularized all the
benefices, monasteries, and houses of the said order, which were
heretofore regular. The same Innocent X. our predecessor, having
been informed of the great disorders which had arisen among the
regulars of the pious schools of “ The Mother qf God,-'’ and not-
withstanding the said order had been solemnly approved by Gregory
XV., did, after a mature examination, and by his brief, dated 16th
of March, 1645, reduce the said order to a simple congregation,
dispensing with all obligation to make any vOW, in imitation of the
institution of the congregation of secular priests of the oratory, in
the church of St. Mary, at Valicella de Urbe, or, as it is commonly
called, of St. Philip of Neraea; he granted the said regulars the
permission of passing into any other order, forbad the further
admission of novices; and the administration of the vows to the
novices already received. And, lastly, he transferred to the Or-
dinaries all the superiority and jurisdiction which had heretofore
been vested in the minister general, the visitors, and superiors.
And these dispositions had their full effect for some years; till at
last the Holy See, convinced of the utility of this institution,
recalled it to its first form, re-ordained the ancient solemn vows‚
and reinstated it as a fixed regular order.

By another brief, of the 29th of October, 1650, this same
Innocent X. totally suppressed the order of St. Basilicus of the
Arminians; and that on the same account of dissensions and

